feat: add `lapack/base/dladiv` (#7916)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/lapack/base/dladiv/README.md

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );

var P = new Float64Array( 1 );
var Q = new Float64Array( 1 );

dladiv( -13.0, -1.0, -2.0, 1.0, P, Q );
// P => <Float64Array>[ 5.0 ]
// Q => <Float64Array>[ 3.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **a**: real component of numerator.
-   **b**: imaginary component of numerator.
-   **c**: real component of denominator.
-   **d**: imaginary component of denominator.
-   **P**: [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] containing a single element which is overwritten by the real part of the quotient.
-   **Q**: [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] containing a single element which is overwritten by the imaginary part of the quotient.

#### dladiv.ndarray( a, b, c, d, P, offsetP, Q, offsetQ )

Divides two double-precision complex floating-point numbers in real arithmetic using alternative indexing semantics.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );

var P = new Float64Array( 1 );
var Q = new Float64Array( 1 );

dladiv.ndarray( -13.0, -1.0, -2.0, 1.0, P, 0, Q, 0 );
// P => <Float64Array>[ 5.0 ]
// Q => <Float64Array>[ 3.0 ]
```

> The function has the following additional parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function has the following parameters:
```

-   **a**: real component of numerator.
-   **b**: imaginary component of numerator.
-   **c**: real component of denominator.
-   **d**: imaginary component of denominator.
-   **P**: [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] containing a single element which is overwritten by the real part of the quotient.
-   **offsetP**: index of the element in `P`.

> -   **Q**: [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] containing a single element which is overwritten by the imaginary part of the quotient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **P**: [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] containing an element which is overwritten by the real part of the quotient.
-   **offsetP**: index of the element in `P`.
-   **Q**: [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] containing an element which is overwritten by the imaginary part of the quotient.
```
